**********

Copyright 2018 UVic Industry Partnerships Inc and École polytechnique fédérale
de Lausanne (EPFL).

** LICENSE ** 

Redistribution and use of this software in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted for non-commercial research purposes,
provided that the following conditions are met: 

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
LICENSE, and the following DISCLAIMER.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this LICENSE, and the following DISCLAIMER in the documentation and/or other
materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.

Some uses and/or embodiments of this software may be protected by one or more
patents and/or pending patent applications, including but not limited to PCT
Application 62/374,859. No express or implied patent license is granted by this
LICENSE.

** DISCLAIMER ** 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

*********